add support for background responses (#6854)
dotnet/extensions: src/Libraries/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Abstractions/CHANGELOG.md

- Added protected copy constructors to options types (e.g. `ChatOptions`).
- Fixed `EmbeddingGeneratorOptions`/`SpeechToTextOptions` `Clone` methods to correctly copy all properties.
- Fixed `ToChatResponse` to not overwrite `ChatMessage/ChatResponse.CreatedAt` with older timestamps during coalescing. 

> - Added `[Experimental]` `ResponseContinuationToken` to represent a base class for continuation tokens.
> - Added `[Experimental]` `BackgroundResponsesOptions` to represent options for background responses.
> - Added `[Experimental]` `ChatOptions.BackgroundResponsesOptions` and `ChatOptions.ContinuationToken` properties to accept options for background responses and continuation token.
> - Added `[Experimental]` `ChatResponse.ContinuationToken` and `ChatResponseUpdate.ContinuationToken` to return continuation token for background responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `[Experimental]` support for background responses, such that non-streaming responses are allowed to be pollable, and such that responses and response updates can be tagged with continuation tokens to support later resumption.
```
